sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support/README.md, before:

# Azure GraalVM Support client library for Java

The Azure GraalVM Support client library provides support for applications using [Azure client libraries](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/releases/latest/java.html) to be built as [GraalVM native 
images](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/). The library contains all the necessary 
[configuration files](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/BuildConfiguration/) and [GraalVM 
features](https://www.graalvm.org/sdk/javadoc/index.html?org/graalvm/nativeimage/hosted/Feature.html) required to build 
a native image of an application that uses Azure client libraries.

**NOTE:**: This library is a preview and is intended to enable applications using Azure client libraries to quickly 
build and validate native images. However, this is not a stable, GA version and is not officially supported to use in production
environments.

## Getting started

### Prerequisites
- A [Java Development Kit (JDK)][jdk_link], version 8 or later.
- [Azure Subscription][azure_subscription]
- [GraalVM](https://www.graalvm.org/downloads/) version 22 or later.
- [GraalVM Native Image](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/)

For more details, please refer to [Getting started with GraalVM](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/docs/getting-started/) 
documentation.

### Include the package


[//]: # ({x-version-update-start;com.azure:azure-aot-graalvm-support;current})
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
    <artifactId>azure-aot-graalvm-support</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0-beta.3</version>
</dependency>
```
Also, include the `azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty` package to bring in the configuration files required for Netty HTTP
client.  For more details on this library, please refer to [this README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty/README.md).

[//]: # ({x-version-update-start;com.azure:azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty;current})
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
    <artifactId>azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0-beta.3</version>
</dependency>
```

## Key concepts

### Native Image creation

Native Image is a technology to compile your Java application ahead of time into a native image which can run as a 
standalone application. The native image created through this ahead-of-time compilation will include all the 
necessary classes from the application, it's dependencies and any other natively linked JDK code. For more details 
on creating the native image please refer to [building a native image](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/#build-a-native-image) documentation.

### GraalVM configuration files

GraalVM is a high-performance runtime that creates native images by compiling the Java code ahead of time. Due to 
this ahead-of-time compilation into a native image, the native image creation requires statically analyzing all 
classes of the application and their dependencies to determine which classes and methods are reachable during the 
application execution. However, there are scenarios where Java allows looking up classes, methods and fields at 
runtime through reflection. While GraalVM does a best-effort discovery of all classes ahead of time, it will not be 
able to detect all classes that are reflectively accessed. So, developers can provide configuration files that 
contain details of all necessary classes that are reflectively accessed. This supplementary information is then used 
to create the native image and make these classes available at runtime. 

This library provides all the necessary configuration files for using Azure client libraries.

## Examples

#### App Configuration
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of App Configuration client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/appconfiguration/AppConfigurationSample.java)

Please refer to [Application Configuration](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/appconfiguration/azure-data-appconfiguration) client library documentation for more details.

#### Key Vault
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Key Vault Certificates client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/keyvault/certificates/KeyVaultCertificatesSample.java)
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Key Vault Keys client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/keyvault/keys/KeyVaultKeysSample.java)
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Key Vault Secrets client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/keyvault/secrets/KeyVaultSecretsSample.java)

Please refer to [Key Vault](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/keyvault) client library documentation for more details.

#### Storage Blob
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Storage Blob client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/storage/blob/StorageBlobSample.java)

Please refer to [Storage Blob](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/storage/azure-storage-blob) client library documentation for more details.

#### Event Hubs
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Event Hubs producer client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/eventhubs/EventHubsSample.java)

Please refer to [Event Hubs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/eventhubs/azure-messaging-eventhubs) client library documentation for more details.

#### Form Recognizer
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Form Recognizer client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/formrecognizer/FormRecognizerSample.java)

Please refer to [Form Recognizer](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/formrecognizer/azure-ai-formrecognizer) client library documentation for more details.

#### Text Analytics
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Text Analytics client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/textanalytics/TextAnalyticsSample.java)

Please refer to [Text Analytics](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/textanalytics/azure-ai-textanalytics) client library documentation for more details.

## Troubleshooting

## Next steps
The [azure-aot-graalvm-samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples)
library consists of all above samples bundled into a single Maven project that can be compiled with `mvn clean 
install -Pnative` to build the native image and execute all the samples. 

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License
Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution.
For details, visit [https://cla.microsoft.com](https://cla.microsoft.com).

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the
PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this
once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact
[opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

<!-- LINKS -->
[cla]: https://cla.microsoft.com
[coc]: https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/
[coc_faq]: https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/
[coc_contact]: mailto:opencode@microsoft.com
[jdk_link]: https://docs.microsoft.com/java/azure/jdk/?view=azure-java-stable
[azure_subscription]: https://azure.microsoft.com/free

![Impressions](https://azure-sdk-impressions.azurewebsites.net/api/impressions/azure-sdk-for-java%2Fsdk%2Faot%2Fazure-aot-graalvm-support%2FREADME.png)

Commit message:

Update version fix for readme files

sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support/README.md, after:

# Azure GraalVM Support client library for Java

The Azure GraalVM Support client library provides support for applications using [Azure client libraries](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/releases/latest/java.html) to be built as [GraalVM native
images](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/). The library contains all the necessary
[configuration files](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/BuildConfiguration/) and [GraalVM
features](https://www.graalvm.org/sdk/javadoc/index.html?org/graalvm/nativeimage/hosted/Feature.html) required to build
a native image of an application that uses Azure client libraries.

**NOTE:**: This library is a preview and is intended to enable applications using Azure client libraries to quickly
build and validate native images. However, this is not a stable, GA version and is not officially supported to use in production
environments.

## Getting started

### Prerequisites
- A [Java Development Kit (JDK)][jdk_link], version 8 or later.
- [Azure Subscription][azure_subscription]
- [GraalVM](https://www.graalvm.org/downloads/) version 22 or later.
- [GraalVM Native Image](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/)

For more details, please refer to [Getting started with GraalVM](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/docs/getting-started/)
documentation.

### Include the package

[//]: # ({x-version-update-start;com.azure:azure-aot-graalvm-support;current})
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
    <artifactId>azure-aot-graalvm-support</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0-beta.3</version>
</dependency>
```
[//]: # ({x-version-update-end})

Also, include the `azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty` package to bring in the configuration files required for Netty HTTP
client.  For more details on this library, please refer to [this README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty/README.md).

[//]: # ({x-version-update-start;com.azure:azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty;current})
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
    <artifactId>azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0-beta.3</version>
</dependency>
```
[//]: # ({x-version-update-end})

## Key concepts

### Native Image creation

Native Image is a technology to compile your Java application ahead of time into a native image which can run as a
standalone application. The native image created through this ahead-of-time compilation will include all the
necessary classes from the application, it's dependencies and any other natively linked JDK code. For more details
on creating the native image please refer to [building a native image](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/#build-a-native-image) documentation.

### GraalVM configuration files

GraalVM is a high-performance runtime that creates native images by compiling the Java code ahead of time. Due to
this ahead-of-time compilation into a native image, the native image creation requires statically analyzing all
classes of the application and their dependencies to determine which classes and methods are reachable during the
application execution. However, there are scenarios where Java allows looking up classes, methods and fields at
runtime through reflection. While GraalVM does a best-effort discovery of all classes ahead of time, it will not be
able to detect all classes that are reflectively accessed. So, developers can provide configuration files that
contain details of all necessary classes that are reflectively accessed. This supplementary information is then used
to create the native image and make these classes available at runtime.

This library provides all the necessary configuration files for using Azure client libraries.

## Examples

#### App Configuration
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of App Configuration client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/appconfiguration/AppConfigurationSample.java)

Please refer to [Application Configuration](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/appconfiguration/azure-data-appconfiguration) client library documentation for more details.

#### Key Vault
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Key Vault Certificates client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/keyvault/certificates/KeyVaultCertificatesSample.java)
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Key Vault Keys client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/keyvault/keys/KeyVaultKeysSample.java)
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Key Vault Secrets client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/keyvault/secrets/KeyVaultSecretsSample.java)

Please refer to [Key Vault](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/keyvault) client library documentation for more details.

#### Storage Blob
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Storage Blob client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/storage/blob/StorageBlobSample.java)

Please refer to [Storage Blob](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/storage/azure-storage-blob) client library documentation for more details.

#### Event Hubs
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Event Hubs producer client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/eventhubs/EventHubsSample.java)

Please refer to [Event Hubs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/eventhubs/azure-messaging-eventhubs) client library documentation for more details.

#### Form Recognizer
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Form Recognizer client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/formrecognizer/FormRecognizerSample.java)

Please refer to [Form Recognizer](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/formrecognizer/azure-ai-formrecognizer) client library documentation for more details.

#### Text Analytics
- [Sample demonstrating the creation and use of Text Analytics client](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/src/main/java/com/azure/aot/graalvm/samples/textanalytics/TextAnalyticsSample.java)

Please refer to [Text Analytics](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/textanalytics/azure-ai-textanalytics) client library documentation for more details.

## Troubleshooting

## Next steps
The [azure-aot-graalvm-samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples)
library consists of all above samples bundled into a single Maven project that can be compiled with `mvn clean
install -Pnative` to build the native image and execute all the samples.

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License
Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution.
For details, visit [https://cla.microsoft.com](https://cla.microsoft.com).

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the
PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this
once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact
[opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

<!-- LINKS -->
[cla]: https://cla.microsoft.com
[coc]: https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/
[coc_faq]: https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/
[coc_contact]: mailto:opencode@microsoft.com
[jdk_link]: https://docs.microsoft.com/java/azure/jdk/?view=azure-java-stable
[azure_subscription]: https://azure.microsoft.com/free

![Impressions](https://azure-sdk-impressions.azurewebsites.net/api/impressions/azure-sdk-for-java%2Fsdk%2Faot%2Fazure-aot-graalvm-support%2FREADME.png)
