sdk/search/open-api/data-readme.md, before:

# SearchIndexClient

This is the AutoRest configuration file for SearchIndexClient

## Building the SDK

1. Install [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest/blob/master/README.md#installing-autorest)
2. Execute  autorest in this folder. It will use this readme file as the configuration:

```bash
autorest ./data-readme.md
```

## Configuration

```yaml
title: SearchIndexRestClient
input-file: ./2019-05-06/data/searchindex.json
output-folder: ../azure-search
namespace: com.azure.search
java: true
sync-methods: none
add-context-parameter: true
generate-client-interfaces: false
license-header: |-
  Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
  Licensed under the MIT License.
  Code generated by Microsoft (R) AutoRest Code Generator.
  Changes may cause incorrect behavior and will be lost if the code is regenerated.
directive:

# Rename IndexBatch to IndexBatchImpl when processing the API spec
- rename-model:
    from: IndexBatch
    to: IndexBatchImpl

# Use Document rather than Map<String, Object>
- from: 
  - DocumentsImpl.java
  - SearchResult.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(package com.azure.search.models;)/g, "$1\nimport com.azure.search.Document;")
    .replace(/(package com.azure.search.implementation;)/g, "$1\nimport com.azure.search.Document;")
    .replace(/(Map<String, Object>)/g, "Document")
    .replace(/(Object)/g, "Document")

# Use Document rather than Map<String, Object>
- from: SuggestResult.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $ 
    .replace(/(import java.util.Map;\n)/g, "import com.azure.search.Document;")
    .replace(/(Map<String, Object>)/g, "Document")

# Enable configuration of RestProxy serializer
- from: DocumentsImpl.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(import com.azure.core.implementation.serializer.jackson.JacksonAdapter;)/g, "$1\nimport com.azure.core.implementation.serializer.SerializerAdapter;")
    .replace(/(@param client the instance of the service client containing this operation class.)/g, "$1\n     \* @param serializer the serializer to be used for service client requests.")
    .replace(/(public DocumentsImpl\(SearchIndexRestClientImpl client\) {)/g, "public DocumentsImpl(SearchIndexRestClientImpl client, SerializerAdapter serializer) {")
    .replace(/(this.service = RestProxy.create\(DocumentsService.class, client.getHttpPipeline\(\)\);)/g, "this.service = RestProxy.create(DocumentsService.class, client.getHttpPipeline(), serializer);")

# Enable public access to client setters
# Enable configuration of RestProxy serializer
- from: SearchIndexRestClientImpl.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(void setApiVersion)/g, "public void setApiVersion")
    .replace(/(void setIndexName)/g, "public void setIndexName")
    .replace(/(void setSearchDnsSuffix)/g, "public void setSearchDnsSuffix")
    .replace(/(void setSearchServiceName)/g, "public void setSearchServiceName")
    .replace(/(import com.azure.core.implementation.RestProxy;)/g, "$1\nimport com.azure.core.implementation.serializer.jackson.JacksonAdapter;\nimport com.azure.core.implementation.serializer.SerializerAdapter;")
    .replace(/(this\(RestProxy.createDefaultPipeline\(\)\);)/g, "this(RestProxy.createDefaultPipeline(), JacksonAdapter.createDefaultSerializerAdapter());")
    .replace(/(@param httpPipeline The HTTP pipeline to send requests through.)/g, "$1\n     \* @param serializer the serializer to be used for service client requests.")
    .replace(/(public SearchIndexRestClientImpl\(HttpPipeline httpPipeline\) {)/g, "public SearchIndexRestClientImpl(HttpPipeline httpPipeline, SerializerAdapter serializer) {")
    .replace(/(this.documents = new DocumentsImpl\(this\);)/g, "this.documents = new DocumentsImpl(this, serializer);")

# Enable IndexAction to be used as a generic type
# Enable serialization of both POJOs and Maps
- from: IndexAction.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(import com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonProperty;)/g, "import com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonAnyGetter;\nimport com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonIgnore;\n$1\nimport com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonUnwrapped;\n")
    .replace(/(class IndexAction)/g, "$1<T>")
    .replace(/(Unmatched properties from the message are deserialized this collection)/g, "The document on which the action will be performed.")
    .replace(/(@JsonProperty\(value = ""\))/g, "@JsonUnwrapped")
    .replace(/(private Map<String, Object> additionalProperties);/g, "private T document;\n\n    @JsonIgnore\n    private Map<String, Object> properties;\n\n    @JsonAnyGetter\n    private Map<String, Object> getParamMap() {\n        return properties;\n    }")
    .replace(/(Get the additionalProperties property: Unmatched properties from the\n\s+\* message are deserialized this collection.)/g, "Get the document on which the action will be performed; Fields other than the key are ignored for delete actions.")
    .replace(/(@return the additionalProperties value.)/g, "@return the document value.")
    .replace(/(public Map<String, Object> getAdditionalProperties\(\) {\s+return this.additionalProperties;\s+})/g, "public T getDocument() {\n        return this.document;\n    }")
    .replace(/(Set the additionalProperties property: Unmatched properties from the\s+\* message are deserialized this collection.)/g, "Get the document on which the action will be performed; Fields other than the key are ignored for delete actions.")
    .replace(/(@param additionalProperties the additionalProperties value to set.)/g, "@param document the document value to set.")
    .replace(/(public IndexAction setAdditionalProperties\(Map<String, Object> additionalProperties\) {\s+this.additionalProperties = additionalProperties;\s+return this;\s+})/g, "@SuppressWarnings(\"unchecked\")\n    public IndexAction<T> setDocument(T document) {\n        if (document instanceof Map) {\n            this.properties = (Map<String, Object>) document;\n            this.document = null;\n        } else {\n            this.document = document;\n            this.properties = null;\n        }\n        return this;\n    }")
    .replace(/(public IndexAction setActionType\(IndexActionType actionType\) {)/g, "public IndexAction<T> setActionType(IndexActionType actionType) {")

# Enable configuration of RestProxy serializer
- from: SearchIndexRestClientBuilder.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(import com.azure.core.implementation.RestProxy;)/g, "$1\nimport com.azure.core.implementation.serializer.SerializerAdapter;\nimport com.azure.core.implementation.serializer.jackson.JacksonAdapter;")
    .replace(/(\* The HTTP pipeline to send requests through)/g, "\* The serializer to use for requests\n     \*\/\n    private SerializerAdapter serializer;\n\n    \/\*\*\n     \* Sets The serializer to use for requests.\n     \*\n     \* @param serializer the serializer value.\n     \* @return the SearchIndexRestClientBuilder.\n     \*\/\n    public SearchIndexRestClientBuilder serializer\(SerializerAdapter serializer\) {\n        this.serializer = serializer;\n        return this;\n    }\n\n    \/\*\n     $1")
    .replace(/(new SearchIndexRestClientImpl\(pipeline)/g, "$1, serializer")
    .replace(/(this.pipeline = RestProxy.createDefaultPipeline\(\);\s+})/g, "$1\n        if \(serializer == null\) {\n            this.serializer = JacksonAdapter.createDefaultSerializerAdapter\(\);\n        }")

# Enable IndexBatchImpl to be used as a generic type
- from: IndexBatchImpl.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(public final class IndexBatchImpl)/g, "class IndexBatchImpl<T>")
    .replace(/(private List<IndexAction> actions;)/g, "private List<IndexAction<T>> actions;")
    .replace(/(public List<IndexAction> getActions\(\) {)/g, "public List<IndexAction<T>> getActions() {")
    .replace(/(public IndexBatchImpl setActions\(List<IndexAction> actions\) {)/g, "protected IndexBatchImpl<T> setActions(List<IndexAction<T>> actions) {")

# Replace use of generated IndexBatchImpl with custom IndexBatch class
- from: DocumentsImpl.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(IndexBatchImpl)/g, "IndexBatch")
    .replace(/(IndexBatch )/g, "IndexBatch<T> ")
    .replace(/(Mono<DocumentIndexResult> indexAsync)/g, "<T> $1")
    .replace(/(Mono<SimpleResponse<DocumentIndexResult>> index)/g, "<T> $1")

# Change get to is
- from: DocumentsImpl.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(get(IncludeTotalResultCount|UseFuzzyMatching))/g, "is$2")
```

Commit message:

Rename *Parameters to *Options (#159)
* Rename *Parameters to *Options

sdk/search/open-api/data-readme.md, after:

# SearchIndexClient

This is the AutoRest configuration file for SearchIndexClient

## Building the SDK

1. Install [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest/blob/master/README.md#installing-autorest)
2. Execute  autorest in this folder. It will use this readme file as the configuration:

```bash
autorest ./data-readme.md
```

## Configuration

```yaml
title: SearchIndexRestClient
input-file: ./2019-05-06/data/searchindex.json
output-folder: ../azure-search
namespace: com.azure.search
java: true
sync-methods: none
add-context-parameter: true
generate-client-interfaces: false
license-header: |-
  Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
  Licensed under the MIT License.
  Code generated by Microsoft (R) AutoRest Code Generator.
  Changes may cause incorrect behavior and will be lost if the code is regenerated.

# Declare a directive that can be invoked in the pipeline
declare-directive:
  rename-custom-property: >-
    {
      from: 'swagger-document',
      where: $.path,
      transform: `$.name = $.name === "${$.from}" ? "${$.to}" : $.name`
    }

directive:
# Rename custom properties
- rename-custom-property:
    path: "$.paths.*.*.parameters[*]['x-ms-parameter-grouping']"
    from: AutocompleteParameters
    to: AutocompleteOptions

- rename-custom-property:
    path: "$.paths.*.*.parameters[*]['x-ms-parameter-grouping']"
    from: SearchParameters
    to: SearchOptions

- rename-custom-property:
    path: "$.paths.*.*.parameters[*]['x-ms-parameter-grouping']"
    from: SuggestParameters
    to: SuggestOptions

# Rename IndexBatch to IndexBatchImpl when processing the API spec
- rename-model:
    from: IndexBatch
    to: IndexBatchImpl

# Use Document rather than Map<String, Object>
- from: 
  - DocumentsImpl.java
  - SearchResult.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(package com.azure.search.models;)/g, "$1\nimport com.azure.search.Document;")
    .replace(/(package com.azure.search.implementation;)/g, "$1\nimport com.azure.search.Document;")
    .replace(/(Map<String, Object>)/g, "Document")
    .replace(/(Object)/g, "Document")

# Use Document rather than Map<String, Object>
- from: SuggestResult.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $ 
    .replace(/(import java.util.Map;\n)/g, "import com.azure.search.Document;")
    .replace(/(Map<String, Object>)/g, "Document")

# Enable configuration of RestProxy serializer
- from: DocumentsImpl.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(import com.azure.core.implementation.serializer.jackson.JacksonAdapter;)/g, "$1\nimport com.azure.core.implementation.serializer.SerializerAdapter;")
    .replace(/(@param client the instance of the service client containing this operation class.)/g, "$1\n     \* @param serializer the serializer to be used for service client requests.")
    .replace(/(public DocumentsImpl\(SearchIndexRestClientImpl client\) {)/g, "public DocumentsImpl(SearchIndexRestClientImpl client, SerializerAdapter serializer) {")
    .replace(/(this.service = RestProxy.create\(DocumentsService.class, client.getHttpPipeline\(\)\);)/g, "this.service = RestProxy.create(DocumentsService.class, client.getHttpPipeline(), serializer);")

# Enable public access to client setters
# Enable configuration of RestProxy serializer
- from: SearchIndexRestClientImpl.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(void setApiVersion)/g, "public void setApiVersion")
    .replace(/(void setIndexName)/g, "public void setIndexName")
    .replace(/(void setSearchDnsSuffix)/g, "public void setSearchDnsSuffix")
    .replace(/(void setSearchServiceName)/g, "public void setSearchServiceName")
    .replace(/(import com.azure.core.implementation.RestProxy;)/g, "$1\nimport com.azure.core.implementation.serializer.jackson.JacksonAdapter;\nimport com.azure.core.implementation.serializer.SerializerAdapter;")
    .replace(/(this\(RestProxy.createDefaultPipeline\(\)\);)/g, "this(RestProxy.createDefaultPipeline(), JacksonAdapter.createDefaultSerializerAdapter());")
    .replace(/(@param httpPipeline The HTTP pipeline to send requests through.)/g, "$1\n     \* @param serializer the serializer to be used for service client requests.")
    .replace(/(public SearchIndexRestClientImpl\(HttpPipeline httpPipeline\) {)/g, "public SearchIndexRestClientImpl(HttpPipeline httpPipeline, SerializerAdapter serializer) {")
    .replace(/(this.documents = new DocumentsImpl\(this\);)/g, "this.documents = new DocumentsImpl(this, serializer);")

# Enable IndexAction to be used as a generic type
# Enable serialization of both POJOs and Maps
- from: IndexAction.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(import com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonProperty;)/g, "import com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonAnyGetter;\nimport com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonIgnore;\n$1\nimport com.fasterxml.jackson.annotation.JsonUnwrapped;\n")
    .replace(/(class IndexAction)/g, "$1<T>")
    .replace(/(Unmatched properties from the message are deserialized this collection)/g, "The document on which the action will be performed.")
    .replace(/(@JsonProperty\(value = ""\))/g, "@JsonUnwrapped")
    .replace(/(private Map<String, Object> additionalProperties);/g, "private T document;\n\n    @JsonIgnore\n    private Map<String, Object> properties;\n\n    @JsonAnyGetter\n    private Map<String, Object> getParamMap() {\n        return properties;\n    }")
    .replace(/(Get the additionalProperties property: Unmatched properties from the\n\s+\* message are deserialized this collection.)/g, "Get the document on which the action will be performed; Fields other than the key are ignored for delete actions.")
    .replace(/(@return the additionalProperties value.)/g, "@return the document value.")
    .replace(/(public Map<String, Object> getAdditionalProperties\(\) {\s+return this.additionalProperties;\s+})/g, "public T getDocument() {\n        return this.document;\n    }")
    .replace(/(Set the additionalProperties property: Unmatched properties from the\s+\* message are deserialized this collection.)/g, "Get the document on which the action will be performed; Fields other than the key are ignored for delete actions.")
    .replace(/(@param additionalProperties the additionalProperties value to set.)/g, "@param document the document value to set.")
    .replace(/(public IndexAction setAdditionalProperties\(Map<String, Object> additionalProperties\) {\s+this.additionalProperties = additionalProperties;\s+return this;\s+})/g, "@SuppressWarnings(\"unchecked\")\n    public IndexAction<T> setDocument(T document) {\n        if (document instanceof Map) {\n            this.properties = (Map<String, Object>) document;\n            this.document = null;\n        } else {\n            this.document = document;\n            this.properties = null;\n        }\n        return this;\n    }")
    .replace(/(public IndexAction setActionType\(IndexActionType actionType\) {)/g, "public IndexAction<T> setActionType(IndexActionType actionType) {")

# Enable configuration of RestProxy serializer
- from: SearchIndexRestClientBuilder.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(import com.azure.core.implementation.RestProxy;)/g, "$1\nimport com.azure.core.implementation.serializer.SerializerAdapter;\nimport com.azure.core.implementation.serializer.jackson.JacksonAdapter;")
    .replace(/(\* The HTTP pipeline to send requests through)/g, "\* The serializer to use for requests\n     \*\/\n    private SerializerAdapter serializer;\n\n    \/\*\*\n     \* Sets The serializer to use for requests.\n     \*\n     \* @param serializer the serializer value.\n     \* @return the SearchIndexRestClientBuilder.\n     \*\/\n    public SearchIndexRestClientBuilder serializer\(SerializerAdapter serializer\) {\n        this.serializer = serializer;\n        return this;\n    }\n\n    \/\*\n     $1")
    .replace(/(new SearchIndexRestClientImpl\(pipeline)/g, "$1, serializer")
    .replace(/(this.pipeline = RestProxy.createDefaultPipeline\(\);\s+})/g, "$1\n        if \(serializer == null\) {\n            this.serializer = JacksonAdapter.createDefaultSerializerAdapter\(\);\n        }")

# Enable IndexBatchImpl to be used as a generic type
- from: IndexBatchImpl.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(public final class IndexBatchImpl)/g, "class IndexBatchImpl<T>")
    .replace(/(private List<IndexAction> actions;)/g, "private List<IndexAction<T>> actions;")
    .replace(/(public List<IndexAction> getActions\(\) {)/g, "public List<IndexAction<T>> getActions() {")
    .replace(/(public IndexBatchImpl setActions\(List<IndexAction> actions\) {)/g, "protected IndexBatchImpl<T> setActions(List<IndexAction<T>> actions) {")

# Replace use of generated IndexBatchImpl with custom IndexBatch class
- from: DocumentsImpl.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(IndexBatchImpl)/g, "IndexBatch")
    .replace(/(IndexBatch )/g, "IndexBatch<T> ")
    .replace(/(Mono<DocumentIndexResult> indexAsync)/g, "<T> $1")
    .replace(/(Mono<SimpleResponse<DocumentIndexResult>> index)/g, "<T> $1")

# Change get to is
- from: DocumentsImpl.java
  where: $
  transform: >-
    return $
    .replace(/(get(IncludeTotalResultCount|UseFuzzyMatching))/g, "is$2")
```
