sdk/relay/azure-resourcemanager-relay/README.md, before:

# Azure Resource Manager Relay client library for Java

Azure Resource Manager Relay client library for Java.

This package contains Microsoft Azure SDK for Relay Management SDK. Use these API to manage Azure Relay resources through Azure Resource Manager. Package tag package-2017-04. For documentation on how to use this package, please see [Azure Management Libraries for Java](https://aka.ms/azsdk/java/mgmt).

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

- [Java Development Kit (JDK)][jdk] with version 8 or above
- [Azure Subscription][azure_subscription]

### Adding the package to your product

[//]: # ({x-version-update-start;com.azure.resourcemanager:azure-resourcemanager-relay;current})
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.azure.resourcemanager</groupId>
    <artifactId>azure-resourcemanager-relay</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0-beta.1</version>
</dependency>
```
[//]: # ({x-version-update-end})

### Include the recommended packages

Azure Management Libraries require a `TokenCredential` implementation for authentication and an `HttpClient` implementation for HTTP client.

[Azure Identity][azure_identity] package and [Azure Core Netty HTTP][azure_core_http_netty] package provide the default implementation.

### Authentication

By default, Azure Active Directory token authentication depends on correct configure of following environment variables.

- `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` for Azure client ID.
- `AZURE_TENANT_ID` for Azure tenant ID.
- `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` or `AZURE_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PATH` for client secret or client certificate.

In addition, Azure subscription ID can be configured via environment variable `AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID`.

With above configuration, `azure` client can be authenticated by following code:

```java
AzureProfile profile = new AzureProfile(AzureEnvironment.AZURE);
TokenCredential credential = new DefaultAzureCredentialBuilder()
    .authorityHost(profile.getEnvironment().getActiveDirectoryEndpoint())
    .build();
RelayManager manager = RelayManager
    .authenticate(credential, profile);
```

The sample code assumes global Azure. Please change `AzureEnvironment.AZURE` variable if otherwise.

See [Authentication][authenticate] for more options.

## Key concepts

See [API design][design] for general introduction on design and key concepts on Azure Management Libraries.

## Examples

## Troubleshooting

## Next steps

## Contributing

For details on contributing to this repository, see the [contributing guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

1. Fork it
1. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
1. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
1. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
1. Create new Pull Request

<!-- LINKS -->
[jdk]: https://docs.microsoft.com/java/azure/jdk/
[azure_subscription]: https://azure.microsoft.com/free/
[azure_identity]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/identity/azure-identity
[azure_core_http_netty]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/core/azure-core-http-netty
[authenticate]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/resourcemanager/docs/AUTH.md
[design]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/resourcemanager/docs/DESIGN.md

Commit message:

CodeGen from PR 15745 in Azure/azure-rest-api-specs relay_track2_config (#15745)
* relay_track2_config

* Update readme.python.md

Co-authored-by: msyyc <70930885+msyyc@users.noreply.github.com>

sdk/relay/azure-resourcemanager-relay/README.md, after:

# Azure Resource Manager Relay client library for Java

Azure Resource Manager Relay client library for Java.

This package contains Microsoft Azure SDK for Relay Management SDK. Use these API to manage Azure Relay resources through Azure Resource Manager. Package tag package-2017-04. For documentation on how to use this package, please see [Azure Management Libraries for Java](https://aka.ms/azsdk/java/mgmt).

## We'd love to hear your feedback

We're always working on improving our products and the way we communicate with our users. So we'd love to learn what's working and how we can do better.

If you haven't already, please take a few minutes to [complete this short survey][survey] we have put together.

Thank you in advance for your collaboration. We really appreciate your time!

## Documentation

Various documentation is available to help you get started

- [API reference documentation][docs]

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

- [Java Development Kit (JDK)][jdk] with version 8 or above
- [Azure Subscription][azure_subscription]

### Adding the package to your product

[//]: # ({x-version-update-start;com.azure.resourcemanager:azure-resourcemanager-relay;current})
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.azure.resourcemanager</groupId>
    <artifactId>azure-resourcemanager-relay</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0-beta.2</version>
</dependency>
```
[//]: # ({x-version-update-end})

### Include the recommended packages

Azure Management Libraries require a `TokenCredential` implementation for authentication and an `HttpClient` implementation for HTTP client.

[Azure Identity][azure_identity] package and [Azure Core Netty HTTP][azure_core_http_netty] package provide the default implementation.

### Authentication

By default, Azure Active Directory token authentication depends on correct configure of following environment variables.

- `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` for Azure client ID.
- `AZURE_TENANT_ID` for Azure tenant ID.
- `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` or `AZURE_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PATH` for client secret or client certificate.

In addition, Azure subscription ID can be configured via environment variable `AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID`.

With above configuration, `azure` client can be authenticated by following code:

```java
AzureProfile profile = new AzureProfile(AzureEnvironment.AZURE);
TokenCredential credential = new DefaultAzureCredentialBuilder()
    .authorityHost(profile.getEnvironment().getActiveDirectoryEndpoint())
    .build();
RelayManager manager = RelayManager
    .authenticate(credential, profile);
```

The sample code assumes global Azure. Please change `AzureEnvironment.AZURE` variable if otherwise.

See [Authentication][authenticate] for more options.

## Key concepts

See [API design][design] for general introduction on design and key concepts on Azure Management Libraries.

## Examples



## Troubleshooting

## Next steps

## Contributing

For details on contributing to this repository, see the [contributing guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

1. Fork it
1. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
1. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
1. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
1. Create new Pull Request

<!-- LINKS -->
[survey]: https://microsoft.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_ehN0lIk2FKEBkwd?Q_CHL=DOCS
[docs]: https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk-for-java/
[jdk]: https://docs.microsoft.com/java/azure/jdk/
[azure_subscription]: https://azure.microsoft.com/free/
[azure_identity]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/identity/azure-identity
[azure_core_http_netty]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/core/azure-core-http-netty
[authenticate]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/resourcemanager/docs/AUTH.md
[design]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/resourcemanager/docs/DESIGN.md
