# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.2 (2023-01-18)

- Azure Resource Manager Purview client library for Java. This package contains Microsoft Azure SDK for Purview Management SDK. Creates a Microsoft.Purview management client. Package tag package-2021-07-01. For documentation on how to use this package, please see [Azure Management Libraries for Java](https://aka.ms/azsdk/java/mgmt).

### Breaking Changes

#### `models.Account$Definition` was modified

* `withSku(models.AccountSku)` was removed

#### `models.AccountSku` was modified

* `name()` was removed
* `capacity()` was removed

### Features Added

* `models.UserAssignedIdentity` was added

* `models.AccountSkuAutoGenerated` was added

#### `PurviewManager` was modified

* `authenticate(com.azure.core.http.HttpPipeline,com.azure.core.management.profile.AzureProfile)` was added

#### `models.PrivateEndpointConnection` was modified

* `resourceGroupName()` was added

#### `PurviewManager$Configurable` was modified

* `withRetryOptions(com.azure.core.http.policy.RetryOptions)` was added

#### `models.AccountUpdateParameters` was modified

* `identity()` was added
* `withIdentity(models.Identity)` was added

#### `models.Account$Update` was modified

* `withIdentity(models.Identity)` was added

#### `models.Account` was modified

* `resourceGroupName()` was added

#### `models.Identity` was modified

* `userAssignedIdentities()` was added
* `withUserAssignedIdentities(java.util.Map)` was added

#### `models.AccountSku` was modified

* `withName(models.Name)` was added
* `withCapacity(java.lang.Integer)` was added

## 1.0.0-beta.1 (2021-08-25)

- Azure Resource Manager Purview client library for Java. This package contains Microsoft Azure SDK for Purview Management SDK. Creates a Microsoft.Purview management client. Package tag package-2021-07-01. For documentation on how to use this package, please see [Azure Management Libraries for Java](https://aka.ms/azsdk/java/mgmt).
