sdk/keyvault/README.md, before:

# Azure Key Vault client library for Java

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/public/_apis/build/status/598?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/public/_build/latest?definitionId=598) [![Build Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-published-blue.svg)](https://azuresdkartifacts.blob.core.windows.net/azure-sdk-for-java/index.html) [![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/badge/dependencies-analyzed-blue.svg)](https://azuresdkartifacts.blob.core.windows.net/azure-sdk-for-java/staging/dependencies.html) [![SpotBugs](https://img.shields.io/badge/SpotBugs-Clean-success.svg)](https://azuresdkartifacts.blob.core.windows.net/azure-sdk-for-java/staging/spotbugsXml.html) [![CheckStyle](https://img.shields.io/badge/CheckStyle-Clean-success.svg)](https://azuresdkartifacts.blob.core.windows.net/azure-sdk-for-java/staging/checkstyle-aggregate.html)

Azure Key Vault is a cloud service that provides secure storage of certificates, cryptographic keys and secrets used by cloud applications and services.

Azure Key Vault Managed HSM is a fully-managed, highly-available, single-tenant, standards-compliant cloud service that enables you to safeguard cryptographic keys for your cloud applications using FIPS 140-2 Level 3 validated HSMs.

For more information refer to [About Azure Key Vault](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/general/overview) and [What is Azure Key Vault Managed HSM?](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/managed-hsm/overview).

Documentation for this SDK can be found at [Azure Key Vault Java Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/java/api/overview/azure/keyvault)

## Getting started

To get started with a specific library, see the **README.md** file located in the library's project folder. You can find service libraries in the `/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-<subcomponent>` directory.
- [Azure Keyvault Keys README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-keys/README.md)
- [Azure Keyvault Certificates README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-certificates/README.md)
- [Azure Keyvault Secrets README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-secrets/README.md)
- [Azure Keyvault Administration README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-administration/README.md)

![Impressions](https://azure-sdk-impressions.azurewebsites.net/api/impressions/azure-sdk-for-java%2Fsdk%2Fkeyvault%2FREADME.png)

Commit message:

Added an entry for the Azure Key Vault JCA client library. Updated the README with descriptions for every client service/library.

sdk/keyvault/README.md, after:

# Azure Key Vault client library for Java

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/public/_apis/build/status/598?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/public/_build/latest?definitionId=598) [![Build Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-published-blue.svg)](https://azuresdkartifacts.blob.core.windows.net/azure-sdk-for-java/index.html) [![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/badge/dependencies-analyzed-blue.svg)](https://azuresdkartifacts.blob.core.windows.net/azure-sdk-for-java/staging/dependencies.html) [![SpotBugs](https://img.shields.io/badge/SpotBugs-Clean-success.svg)](https://azuresdkartifacts.blob.core.windows.net/azure-sdk-for-java/staging/spotbugsXml.html) [![CheckStyle](https://img.shields.io/badge/CheckStyle-Clean-success.svg)](https://azuresdkartifacts.blob.core.windows.net/azure-sdk-for-java/staging/checkstyle-aggregate.html)

Azure Key Vault is a cloud service that provides secure storage of certificates, cryptographic keys and secrets used by cloud applications and services.

Azure Key Vault Managed HSM is a fully-managed, highly-available, single-tenant, standards-compliant cloud service that enables you to safeguard cryptographic keys for your cloud applications using FIPS 140-2 Level 3 validated HSMs.

For more information refer to [About Azure Key Vault](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/general/overview) and [What is Azure Key Vault Managed HSM?](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/managed-hsm/overview).

Documentation for this SDK can be found at [Azure Key Vault Java Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/java/api/overview/azure/keyvault)

## Getting started

To get started with a specific library, see the **README.md** file located in the library's project folder. You can find service libraries in the `/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-<subcomponent>` directory.
- [Azure Key Vault Keys](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-keys/README.md) is a cloud service that enables you to safeguard and manage cryptographic keys.
- [Azure Key Vault Certificates](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-certificates/README.md) is a cloud service that allows you to securely manage and tightly control your certificates.
- [Azure Key Vault Secrets](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-secrets/README.md) is a cloud service that provides management and secure storage for secrets, such as passwords and database connection strings.
- The [Azure Key Vault Administration](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-administration/README.md) library clients support administrative tasks such as full backup/restore and key-level role-based access control (RBAC) for Azure Key Vault Managed HSM.
- [Azure Key Vault JCA](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-jca/README.md)  is a Java Cryptography Architecture provider for certificates in Azure Key Vault.

![Impressions](https://azure-sdk-impressions.azurewebsites.net/api/impressions/azure-sdk-for-java%2Fsdk%2Fkeyvault%2FREADME.png)
