sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty/README.md, before:

# Azure GraalVM Netty Support client library for Java

The Azure GraalVM Netty Support client library provides support for applications using 
[Azure client libraries](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/releases/latest/java.html) that take a dependency on 
[azure-core-http-netty](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/core/azure-core-http-netty) to be 
built as [GraalVM native images](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/). The library contains all the necessary
[configuration files](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/BuildConfiguration/) and [GraalVM
features](https://www.graalvm.org/sdk/javadoc/index.html?org/graalvm/nativeimage/hosted/Feature.html) required to build
a native image of an application that uses Azure client libraries.

**NOTE:**: This library is a preview and is intended to enable applications using Azure client libraries to quickly
build and validate native images. However, this is not a stable, GA version and is not officially supported to use in production
environments.

## Getting started

### Prerequisites
- A [Java Development Kit (JDK)][jdk_link], version 8 or later.
- [Azure Subscription][azure_subscription]
- [GraalVM](https://www.graalvm.org/downloads/) version 22 or later.
- [GraalVM Native Image](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/)

### Include the package

Include both the packages below:

[//]: # ({x-version-update-start;com.azure:azure-aot-graalvm-support;current})
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
    <artifactId>azure-aot-graalvm-support</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0-beta.3</version>
</dependency>
```
[//]: # ({x-version-update-start;com.azure:azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty;current})
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
    <artifactId>azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0-beta.3</version>
</dependency>
```
## Key concepts

Please refer to the [Key Concepts](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support#key-concepts) section of the azure-aot-graalvm-support library.

## Examples

Please refer to the [Examples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support#examples) section of the 
`azure-aot-graalvm-support` library.

## Troubleshooting
Please refer to the [Troubleshooting](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support#troubleshooting) section of the
`azure-aot-graalvm-support` library.

## Next steps
Please refer to the [Next Steps](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support#next-steps) section of the
`azure-aot-graalvm-support` library.

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License
Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution.
For details, visit [https://cla.microsoft.com](https://cla.microsoft.com).

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the
PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this
once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact
[opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

<!-- LINKS -->
[cla]: https://cla.microsoft.com
[coc]: https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/
[coc_faq]: https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/
[coc_contact]: mailto:opencode@microsoft.com
[jdk_link]: https://docs.microsoft.com/java/azure/jdk/?view=azure-java-stable
[azure_subscription]: https://azure.microsoft.com/free

![Impressions](https://azure-sdk-impressions.azurewebsites.net/api/impressions/azure-sdk-for-java%2Fsdk%2Faot%2Fazure-aot-graalvm-support-netty%2FREADME.png)

Commit message:

Update version fix for readme files

sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty/README.md, after:

# Azure GraalVM Netty Support client library for Java

The Azure GraalVM Netty Support client library provides support for applications using
[Azure client libraries](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/releases/latest/java.html) that take a dependency on
[azure-core-http-netty](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/core/azure-core-http-netty) to be
built as [GraalVM native images](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/). The library contains all the necessary
[configuration files](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/BuildConfiguration/) and [GraalVM
features](https://www.graalvm.org/sdk/javadoc/index.html?org/graalvm/nativeimage/hosted/Feature.html) required to build
a native image of an application that uses Azure client libraries.

**NOTE:**: This library is a preview and is intended to enable applications using Azure client libraries to quickly
build and validate native images. However, this is not a stable, GA version and is not officially supported to use in production
environments.

## Getting started

### Prerequisites
- A [Java Development Kit (JDK)][jdk_link], version 8 or later.
- [Azure Subscription][azure_subscription]
- [GraalVM](https://www.graalvm.org/downloads/) version 22 or later.
- [GraalVM Native Image](https://www.graalvm.org/22.0/reference-manual/native-image/)

### Include the package

Include both the packages below:

[//]: # ({x-version-update-start;com.azure:azure-aot-graalvm-support;current})
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
    <artifactId>azure-aot-graalvm-support</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0-beta.3</version>
</dependency>
```
[//]: # ({x-version-update-end})

[//]: # ({x-version-update-start;com.azure:azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty;current})
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
    <artifactId>azure-aot-graalvm-support-netty</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0-beta.3</version>
</dependency>
```
[//]: # ({x-version-update-end})
## Key concepts

Please refer to the [Key Concepts](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support#key-concepts) section of the azure-aot-graalvm-support library.

## Examples

Please refer to the [Examples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support#examples) section of the
`azure-aot-graalvm-support` library.

## Troubleshooting
Please refer to the [Troubleshooting](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support#troubleshooting) section of the
`azure-aot-graalvm-support` library.

## Next steps
Please refer to the [Next Steps](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-support#next-steps) section of the
`azure-aot-graalvm-support` library.

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License
Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution.
For details, visit [https://cla.microsoft.com](https://cla.microsoft.com).

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the
PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this
once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact
[opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

<!-- LINKS -->
[cla]: https://cla.microsoft.com
[coc]: https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/
[coc_faq]: https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/
[coc_contact]: mailto:opencode@microsoft.com
[jdk_link]: https://docs.microsoft.com/java/azure/jdk/?view=azure-java-stable
[azure_subscription]: https://azure.microsoft.com/free

![Impressions](https://azure-sdk-impressions.azurewebsites.net/api/impressions/azure-sdk-for-java%2Fsdk%2Faot%2Fazure-aot-graalvm-support-netty%2FREADME.png)
